Add AllocIPv6 option to allow IPv6 address being used for service registration (#25632)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/service.mdx

    where no port mapping is necessary. This mode can only be set for services which
    are defined in a "group" block.

>   - `alloc_ipv6` - Identical as `alloc` but will pick the IPv6 address in case of
>     dual-stack or IPv6 only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `alloc_ipv6` - Same as `alloc` but use the IPv6 address in case of dual-stack or IPv6-only.
```

Updating to use the same language as L153
